lonestar/triangles/README.md, before:

DESCRIPTION 
===========

This program counts the number of triangles in a given undirected graph. We 
implement both node-iterator and edge-iterator algorithms from the following:

Thomas Schank. Algorithmic Aspects of Triangle-Based Network Analysis. PhD
Thesis. Universitat Karlsruhe. 2007.


INPUT
===========

All versions expect a symmetric graph in gr format.


BUILD
===========

1. Run cmake at BUILD directory (refer to top-level README for cmake instructions).

2. Run `cd <BUILD>/lonestar/triangles; make -j`


RUN
===========

The following are a few example command lines.

-`$ ./triangles <path-symmetric-graph> -algo edgeiterator -t 40`
-`$ ./triangles <path-symmetric-graph> -t 20 -algo nodeiterator`


PERFORMANCE
===========

- In our experience, edgeiterator algorithm gives the best performance.

- The performance of both algorithms depend on an optimal choice of the compile 
time constant, CHUNK_SIZE, the granularity of stolen work when work stealing is 
enabled (via galois::steal()). The optimal value of the constant might depend on 
the architecture, so you might want to evaluate the performance over a range of 
values (say [16-4096]).

Commit message:

triangles readme update, made default ordered count

lonestar/triangles/README.md, after:

DESCRIPTION 
===========

This program counts the number of triangles in a given undirected graph. We 
implement both node-iterator and edge-iterator algorithms from the following:

Thomas Schank. Algorithmic Aspects of Triangle-Based Network Analysis. PhD
Thesis. Universitat Karlsruhe. 2007.

We also have an ordered count algorithm that sorts the nodes by degree before
execution: this has been found to give good performance.

INPUT
===========

All versions expect a symmetric graph in gr format.


BUILD
===========

1. Run cmake at BUILD directory (refer to top-level README for cmake instructions).

2. Run `cd <BUILD>/lonestar/triangles; make -j`


RUN
===========

The following are a few example command lines.

-`$ ./triangles <path-symmetric-graph> -algo edgeiterator -t 40`
-`$ ./triangles <path-symmetric-graph> -t 20 -algo nodeiterator`
-`$ ./triangles <path-symmetric-graph> -t 20 -algo orderedCount`


PERFORMANCE
===========

- In our experience, orderedCount algorithm gives the best performance.

- The performance of algorithms depend on an optimal choice of the compile 
time constant, CHUNK_SIZE, the granularity of stolen work when work stealing is 
enabled (via galois::steal()). The optimal value of the constant might depend on 
the architecture, so you might want to evaluate the performance over a range of 
values (say [16-4096]).
